docs(textarea): migration guide and v7 playgrounds (#2720)
ionic-team/ionic-docs: docs/api/textarea.md

<BasicPlayground />

> ## Label Positioning

Reviewer: Can we rename this "Label Placement"? I'd like to converge on a single naming (See https://github.com/ionic-team/ionic-docs/pull/2747)

> Labels will take up the width of their content by default. This positioning can be changed to be a fixed width, stacked, or floating label.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Labels will take up the width of their content by default. Developers can use the `labelPlacement` property to control how the label is placed relative to the control.
```

import Labels from '@site/static/usage/v7/textarea/labels/index.md';

> <Labels />

Reviewer: Can we rename the directory `label-placement`? (See previous comment on consistency)

## Filled Textareas

Material Design offers filled styles for a textarea. The `fill` property on the item can be set to either `"solid"` or `"outline"`.

Since the `fill` styles visually defines the textarea container, textareas that use `fill` should not be used in `ion-item`.

import Fill from '@site/static/usage/v7/textarea/fill/index.md';

<Fill />

## Helper & Error Text

Helper and error text can be used inside of a textarea with the `helperText` and `errorText` property. The error text will not be displayed unless the `ion-invalid` class is added to the `ion-textarea`. In Angular, this is done automatically through form validation. In JavaScript, React and Vue, the class needs to be manually added based on your own validation.

import HelperError from '@site/static/usage/v7/textarea/helper-error/index.md';

> <HelperError />

Reviewer 2: The React example doesn't seem to be working in Stackblitz; I don't see the helper or error text.

Author: This looks like a bug, I need to dig it more. It is rendering, but the textarea is filing the entire `ionContent` space 😆 so it pushes the slots off the visual viewport. 

I don't think the textarea should fill the container space like this..

## Textarea Counter

The textarea counter is text that displays under a textarea to notify the user of how many characters have been entered out of the total that the textarea will accept. When adding counter, the default behavior is to format the value that gets displayed as `inputLength` / `maxLength`. This behavior can be customized by passing in a formatter function to the `counterFormatter` property.

import Counter from '@site/static/usage/v7/textarea/counter/index.md';

> <Counter />

Reviewer 2: Could we make this playground a little taller so there's no scroll bar?

> <Counter />

Reviewer 2: I don't see the bottom content when opening the React Stackblitz here either; I wonder if that's just an Ionic bug?

<ClearOnEditPlayground />

## Migrating from Legacy Textarea Syntax

A simpler textarea syntax was introduced in Ionic 7.0. This new syntax reduces the boilerplate required to setup an textarea, resolves accessibility issues, and improves the developer experience.

> While developers can continue using the legacy syntax, we recommend migrating as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers can perform this migration one textarea at a time. While developers can continue using the legacy syntax, we recommend migrating as soon as possible.
```
